 Hello   Hello Very good afternoon ma'am. This is Himanshu Mitra speaking from Citi  bank. Am I talking to Shanaya Kapoor?  Yes. Ma'am  , this call has been made to inform you that your.. uh, your debit card, which you hold with Citibank has expired and you will not be able   to use it after today. What do you mean I can't use it? It's my account and my debit card! Yes ma'am,   as is visible in the system uh, notifications were sent to you for card renewal. Which is quite an easy process. That could've been done but you haven't done it yet. So maybe you missed it, but today is   the last day to renew your card, ma'am. Uh, starting tomorrow, you will not be able to use it. So tell me how I can uh, what I can do now? See ma'am, this uh,   through this call, we can uh, we can renew it. Uh, and we can auto renew your expired card. Would you uh, be up for it?  Yes yes Okay ma'am. Uh, as you know, verification is very important for any transaction with the bank, so I would like to verify   your account number. Is your account number 3022181949?  One minute. Repeat it please. I would like to repeat it again ma'am, 3022 181949 Yes yes, that's the one.  Okay. And   your full name is Ms. Shanaya Kapoor? Yes.  Yes yes. And uh, the account you hold is uh, held at the branch in Pune? Yes yes.  Yes ma'am. So uh, thank you very much for providing the information. To proceed further with the process, uh, as   you know, we never ask for anyone's card details from the bank's side. Uh, because it is about card renewal and you already, as you have seen, we already have all your details. To renew the card, I'll have to map your new card with your old one. So for   that, I'll need some details of the old card you hold ma'am.  Would you be willing to provide them?  Yes, yes. Let me take out my card, just a minute. Okay.  Yes ma'am, so you must be able to see a 16-digit   number on your card. Would you like to tell me those numbers?  Yes. 13 Yes, ma'am. 45 Yes ma'am 32 Yes, ma'am 84 Yes, ma'am 64 Yes, yes, yes. Uh, thank you very much  . Uh, I can now see in the system that your old card will be mapped to the new card. Uh, below the card number uh, you will see two uh uh two digits followed by a uh, a divider, followed by two more digits, that is called expiry date ma'am. Could you   please tell me that expiry date?  Yes. 07 Yes, ma'am. 20 7  Thank you very much ma'am. Your card has been renewed. You will be able to use this card starting tomorrow. There will be no issues with that. To make transactions, you need   to do one more step and that is you will have to flip your card over.  You'll see a white strip on it with a three digit number on the extreme right side. Can you please tell me those three digits? 255 Very good ma'am, very good. Uh, your process   is complete now. Uh, an OTP must have been sent to you from the bank's side. Uh, can you please confirm with me after checking your SMS whether you have received the OTP? Yes, one minute. I'll check. Yes. Yes, ma'am, so uh, are you giving   your consent that you will use your old card? Yes.  So to confirm your consent, uh, please confirm your three digit OTP. 1 5  Yes.  Yes.  6  Your card has been activated ma'am. Thank you.  Ok <noise>  